When I was in high school, I thought I wanted to do something in the biology or chemistry fields. I even joined a synthetic biology club and worked on research papers solving different issues that people faced. However, since I took an AP computer science course in high school, I realized computer science is the field that most interests me. It has so many uses in robotics, medical technology, finance, and more. What excites me the most are the fields with revolutionary potential, such as data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. My projects in computer vision, quantum computing, and C and Python programming on my Github illustrate how I’ve dived into different areas of computer science. 

While my academic and career interests have varied, the thing that I found most interesting about each field was the way in which it could make a difference. I found synthetic biology interesting because of the way it could help solve medical issues and reduce pollution. Computer science has even more applications; it can be used to solve complex problems in medicine, finance, politics, and more. In my university's FIRE program, a program that allows first year students to conduct research alongside professors, I was able to work with a professor in computer vision, working on how to use drones to locate people in disaster areas and get them help. Using what I learned in class, I was able to work on my own Template Matching project, developing an algorithm that finds a given image inside another image.  Last semester, I worked with a professor on quantum computing, and learned about its potential in revolutionizing every field due to its unimaginable processing power. I was able to research with classmates two different models of quantum computers: the superconducting quantum computer and trapped ion quantum computer, and determine their efficiencies by simulating the traveling salesman problem. My Game of Life and Document manager projects  are a result of me just messing around and trying new things. Working on these projects helped me realize why I love computer science. It's not because I just enjoy solving problems and programming, but because regardless of where I go, I will be able to use what I know to make a meaningful impact.

